Swing Trading Strategies

There are 3 strategies:-
1. V20 Strategy - 
This strategy is applicable on all 3 groups of stocks. v40, v40next and v200 stocks.
We will invest 3% in one trade.
There is no stop loss in this strategy.

There are 4 steps in this strategy:- (We will use daily candle sticks chart)
1. A bunch of continuous green candles should be formed and change in price should be more than 20%. (Lowest low to highest high should be more than 20%)
2. Draw horizontal line at the highest high of the bunch of continuous green candles and lowest low of the bunch of continuous green candles.
3. If it touches the lowest low line then we will buy, and if it touches the highest high line then we will sell.
4. Please follow the rule strictly, 20% change is must and continuous green candles are must.
5. If there is one more signal for same before achieving target, then we can again apply the same logic. Maximum 2 trades will be done for one stock.
These logic will be applicable on two groups of stocks v40 and v40next.

For v200 stocks, we will apply one more logic, extra parameter 200 days moving average.
Range should be more than 20% and price , lower range should not be above 200 days moving average.

If this is the case, then buyer is very strong without weakness, red candle is nature of weakness, operator must be involved.


2. Rob Booker KnoxVille Divergence Strategy -
This strategy is applicable only on v40 companies.
We will use daily candle sticks chart.
There is no stop loss in this strategy.
We will invest 3% in one trade.

Uptrending line will connect from top of 1 candle to top of another candle, and downtrending line will connect from bottom of 1 candle to bottom of another candle.
size of the line is not important, only angle is important.
Starting point is not important, only ending point is important.
We will average if we get 2 signals for same stock. - Maximum 2 times we will do, 3% and 3% again.
Buying will happen at the end point of downtrending line. 
We will only buy at the end of the day, not in the middle of the day.
We will only check Signals after market hour - After market is closed.
We will only buy next day in the morning.
We will sell at end point of Uptrending line.
All these are operators game.

