The stock market is not about making money quickly, but about making money consistently over time.
It is important to have a good understanding of the companies you are investing in.
There are three main types of analysis that you should do before investing in a stock: business analysis, financial analysis, and technical analysis.
The operators are the ones who move the market prices up and down, so it is important to be aware of their activities.
It is important to be patient and disciplined in your trading, and to follow the strategies that you have learned.

Einstein lost all the money in stock market. He was not a good investor. He was a good scientist.

To lose money in stock market, there are two big reasons:-
1. Stop Loss
2. Stock price going up thinking company is good, and then stock price going down thinking company is bad.

Three kind of change in the market:-
1. business change - Product demand increase or decrease
2. Financial change - Company is making profit or loss
3. Change in stock price - Stock price going up or down


Strong Hand vs Weak Hands
Strong hand - Promoters, FII(), DII(Mutual Fund Company ) and HNIs(High Networth Individuals and holds more than 1% holding in company)
Weak hand - Retail investors

Economist are not super rich.


Stocks - Vivek Singhal
Create 3 group of companies 
V40, V40 next, V200 - Strategy will apply on these companies 
V40 - 40 companies - Large cap and mid cap - Best companies available on the listed stocks market 
V40 next - 40 companies - Mid cap and small cap
V200 - 200 (Size may varies) companies - All type

Largest 100 companies are called large cap.
Next 150 companies are called mid cap.
Rest all companies are small cap.

Those companies which are not listed on NSE, we should not invest on those companies. Those are not good companies 

Nifty might not be the reality, always check the screener for top 100 companies.

Small cap is not a bad company, these can be market leaders. 

Money can be made in leading companies of the sector. 


Condition to Buy stocks:-
0. Growing sector company  
1. Company should be debt free company.
2. Company should be loan free company.
3. Adani Best Companies - ACC, Ambuja, Adani Ports, Adani Wilmar.
4. Company should be market leader for the sectors.
5. Company should be in business  for last 15-20 years. - Experience should be bigger.
6. The company should have pricing power.
7. Company should have vision for next 10-15 years.
8. Till 2030 - Tyre consumption in India will be 3 times, CEAT type, Good year
9. For next 20 Years - Bearish market cannot be any reason for Indian reasons. 


